The internet is a bunch of connected devices (tablets, mobile devices, thermostats, computers, video game consoles). 

Imagine two computers that want to communicate with each other. They use a cable at first. 
If six more computers want to be connected in that same room, many more wires are needed. 

If billions of computers watned to be connected, this situation would be completely infeasible. 
As a result, the internet utilizes routing where there are physical devices who have teh job of connecting one computer to another.

The internet is a network of networks.

Individual machines are identified through IP (internet protocol) addresses.

Data makes its way over cables at some point as pulses of light (or the electrons of the pulses of light), including undersea cables all over the globe.

The internet is the infrastructure that carries online gaming, streaming services, email, file sharing, and various other forms of communication through TCP/IP.

The world wide web is an information system where information is communicated over the internet. Documents are transferred through HTTP (hyper text transfer protocol). 
The WWW is layered on top of the internet.

The resources transferred is identified through URLs. Users make a request to website servers so the servers can respond with information. 
Users' browsers make sense of this  infromation by displaying it as a webpage.

A web server is a computer that can satisfy requests on the internet, a client is a computer that requests to access information.

Once a client sends a HTTP request to web servers, the server do not respond with the exact webpage. 
They instead respond with HTML/CSS/JS etc. code that the client's web browser need to compile to build the webpage.

When a user searches something on a web browser (request), the server decided which code to execute based on algorithms (JS/Java/Python/Soldity) and whatnot and
sends the HTML/CSS/JS code (client-side code) to the client.

Front-end: what the user sees (HTML/CSS/JS).
Back-end: the part of a computer system or application that is not directly accessed by the user, typically responsible for
storing and manipulating data (JS/Java/Python/Soldity/other server-side languages).

HTML/CSS/JS are the three scripting languages that a browser understands. 
Purple dino dances.
The dino represents the HTML (the noun).
'Purple' is represented by the CSS (the adjective/design).
'Dances' is represented by JS (the action/functionality of elemtn on the webpage).

HTML creates the elements of a web page (just the content, no functionality).
CSS designs the elements of a web page.
JS creates the functionality of a web page.
