In computer programming, a software framework is an abstraction in which software, 
providing generic functionality, can be selectively changed by additional user-written code, thus providing application-specific software.

Bootstrap imports pre-built components for utilization in our sites (such as a grid system).    

Bootstrap is designed to save time for programmers when building responsive websites.

Bootstrap allows programmers to rely on particular classes to build responsive elements of websites.

A content delivery network, or content distribution network, is a geographically distributed network of proxy servers and their data centers. The goal is to provide high availability and performance by distributing the service spatially relative to end users.

One should use a CDN to incoroprate Bootstrap into their websites for ease of access to many site-building features. 
One can use the <link> tag and the subsequent 'href' attribute to add Bootstrap to their project. (this is a seperate <link> tab than the one to reference the CSS bas stylesheet)

One should also use the <script> tag to tie in Bootstrap JS functionalities for one's project.

Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap and are required when using its default grid system. They are used to contain and pad content. These are imperative.

Fluid containers span the width of the entire viewport.
Resposive containers maintain a 100% width until their respective breakpoints (max-widths) are reached (the width of the container is more than the breakpoint).

The parent class for <button> is '.btn'.

Lots of components in Bootstrap have children name 'primary', 'secondary', 'danger', 'success', etc. to signify semantics.
One can use Bootstrap classes on elements that differ from their use-case. ex: the '.btn' class can be utilized to style an <a> tag.

The class stems '-sm', '-md', '-lg', etc. are used to specify the size of a styled element.

There are lots of other subclasses of components with many functionalities in the Bootstrap ecosystem. 

The '.display' classes are used to provide larger headings in a project.

The'.lead' classes are used to differentiate paragraphs from their neighbors.

The <blockquote> element in HTML and the '.blockquote' class in Bootstrap are used to emphasize text.